- I'm not totally clear about strategy and tactics. But there will be something about the path, and how I will go on the path to achieve what I want. However, the path here is a little bit special, it's inside of me first, the first half of the path is about the grow of myself in a way that become the must condition for me to not be derail out of the later half. [[spiritual path]]
    - The later half is about when I'm done the inner work, then how I will live? And it's important that both of the path is merge and complement each other, so that I can ensure myself go into one direction rather than puzzling.
    - The teaching of Michael Singer today is so meaning for me that help me realize I still fear certain possibilities will appear, and will try to manipulate them in a way that won't make me suffer. But it's not right, the right path is I can okay with everything will happen first. Then learn how to live. Serve is only one tactic thing that I can live, but not the entire path. I need to be clear about this, so that my mind won't feel confuse and easier to help me release and cooperate with me.
- I noticed that I want to work with [[@Nguyễn Mỹ Linh]]. It's not means that I want to share my life with her fully yet, but I just feel that it will be interested if we have the chance to work together. 
- I also notice that my work will focus on how I could do for other people in a way that not nurture their personal preferences, but rather in a way that help them release their personal preferences and nurture true growth instead. 
