- [[📝Weekly Review]]
    - Highlights:
        - Continue to learn to unattach with everything, especially work and relationship.
        - Start to feel comfortable about work and not put too much pressure, not too disappoint or feel bad about myself.
        - Start to see how the uniqueness of myself can contribute to the work
        - Start to see how life will continue unfolds in the coaching direction
            - And how I will work, contribute, serve, learn in that direction
    - Next week actions
        - Work the last session about the group coaching that I'm working
        - Continue to work within myself to be more freedom, more relax, more integration
        - Embracing the quality of seeing life progress or process, rather than focusing on controlling
        - Learn to be unattach with relationship and let things unfold, let it become natural
        - Learn to see and integrate how the way I prefer to approach things influence into the way I do the service - training, coaching, teaching, sharing...
        - Learn to be more active in the involvement process rather than feeling passive and finding distractions
- I wonder that I still feel limited inside, and I'm struggling to make a breakthrough of energy inside. It's trying but not able to complete yet. I think it would take a bit of time to break things out, and what's important is I can enjoy the process of bang bang into the limitations to breakthrough.
- I have so many things I want to do about coaching that make me feel restlessness. I will need to calm myself more and do things step by step, walk in a mindful and joyful way.
- It's important to able to enjoy the transformation process, even though it's not comfortable, but it's a worthy experience.
- I also learn to be compassion and understand for people around me, especially people who judge me, and see relationship as a trade. It's normal because it's the way they are, and that's way make them suffer continuously. I am compassionate for their 
