- I noticed that I have a strong attachment and insecurity for the house. I feel fear and have the tendency to worry about what might happen, while it's not happening yet. It will need to be work to release out of the attachments and be ready for whatever life present me into with a better attitude.
- I'm also feel quite restless about the course that I want to do. I worry that there will be nobody join, and it will be ignore. The ego and the attachments about the me still so strong that need to work on.
- What's more helpful than reminding other people about what they know or what they should do, but actually couldn't change much but put more pressure instead?
    - I think it's better to listen for their sharings, let them share their concerns, trust on them, talk about what we could appreciate now, enjoy the moment, enjoy the now, be grateful, help them look within, help them relax, help them unattach with what's unnecessary anymore, look at the good side, learn to enjoy experience, pay attention how it challenge and what's opportunity for growth?
- There will be a challenge in the approach of using something not direct to link to what we want to link
    - Like immersion and passion - it's about linking the relationship between an experience that's so good and what we would like to do without any the need of effort
    - Then the relationship between natural discipline and effortful discipline
        - It's about how to naturally we keep doing something that we don't feel good at first hand, but we still keep doing until it becomes a part of us
        - It's about something inside that makes us remain the discipline, even though there are no external control.
        - For example, the reason why I'm so eager to research and learn about spirituality, pay large amount of money, do practices continuously, because I have an intrinsic motivation that want to live a deeper life, want to truly free myself.
        - Intrinsic motivation is about the experiences itself - not about acquiring anything externally, or compensating for anything that lacking inside.
        - Now what's about 
