- There are 3 steps about building a vision for future from now [[Group Coaching framework]]
    - The first step is looking at how we are now, discovering what we are draw into, what we like to spend time on, what gives us immersive experiences - IMMERSIVE ACTIVTIES
    - Then it's about reflecting from that to realize what will be the direction that we will go from now
        - In the positioning session, it's important to help participants to find the directions that they want to invest and focus on. The focus will be about what excites them, what they passionate, what they want to fulfill, and what life calls into them - 
            - WHAT'S YOUR CALLING AND YOUR RESPONDING? what the heroes will start to do and develop
                - This will be not related to their fear, their mind, their limited mind. (money, fears, responsibilities that's unrelated will be address later instead).
                - They will be address and deal with along the way instead.
            - The goal of this session is clarify what you has been call, how you has respond, what mentor you met
                - It's important to identify the direction the call will bring a person into, so that the person will know what they will need to do, and what they will need to develop to respond to the call
        - In the visioning session, it's about zoom out the focus and build up the progression that will develop along the journey. - DRAWING THE JOURNEY OF DEVELOPMENT - how a heroes will need to develop to win the boss and bring home the ultimate boon
            - It's about addressing what they are direction into now - what they will do, do more, or develop into
            - What skills they will need to build up?
    - I will need to stop concern about their concern, fear now - because it shouldn't be what they will build their life into but rather transcend instead. I will get trap if I try to help them solve that problem, instead of trust and empower them to go beyond that.
- [[📝My Coaching Review]]
    - I notice that today I'm not deeply connect with clients, or more often than not, I'm not intending to connect with them deeply, but rather coaching in a logical way.
        - This leads to judgement, lack of patience, understanding, lack of partnering, and I can feel that clients's so struggle to work alone. 
        - This is not the kind of coaching that I truly want, I will learn to connect deeper with other person.
    - The focus of today session is also quite blur, and I feel like I just want to end it.
    - I don't have enough patience and compassion for where they are. I don't have enough acceptance and appreciation as well. 
    - And especially, I don't need care enough to abandon myself
