- [[📝Weekly Review]]
    - I see much clearer about the direction that my life's going into [[Dharma]]
        - I just wonder is it on the right direction or is it just my personal imagination?
        - Is it what life want me do or will it change much more later because it hasn't happened yet.
        - Actually from the life of Michael Singer, I saw that even though life dharma in each moment maybe different but in a general way, it didn't change much as he still be a yogi and teach other people around him. And he also have a big period of times to do things related to coding and technology.
            - This is coming from a deeper place that sustain and nurture him to do it in the whole journey.
                - The point is how to recognize this and use it as a compass to help us to navigate through life? This is probably individual dharma in a life time period.
                    - Because it is not about seeking and satisfying personal needs, like or dislike, but rather even though there are no like or dislike, naturally a person will still come into it if they don't resist, because it's unfold in front of them and call them into it.
                    - It's about expressing the inner energy that want to create and serve in that way. It's just most of the time we suppress or make it distort by our personal preferences and incapacity to handle/ to accept.
                    - It's also deeply connect with a person strengths, way of being, genes, karma, passion, immersion.
    - I start to see clearer that the group coaching I'm building is to help people able to re-build their life direction that build up from their inner truth, rather than the make-up of the mind and societies. 
        - It's built up from the clues from their past experiences, strengths, ways of being - seeing, dharma, what life calls from them or gives jobs to them, and requires them to go beyond their fears, their needs to walk in that unknown path. To become a true explorer, a selfless server, a better version of themselves.
        - This course will work as an important bridge to help a person to work inside them enough and walk the next step of life. It will be a bridge to help them come closer to their true being, build up a necessary quality, a certain freedom, a certain happiness, so that one day they can listen to the longing to expand to infinite, to enlighten, to self-realization and have enough willingness to truly walk the path.
    - I also learn more to let love naturally happen, I notice that I like the character like Bae Suzy act on the film While you were sleeping. I found out that I like that enthusiasm, initiate, understand, compassion, and a little bit of naughty, taking personal responsibilities as well.
    - I am learning to stay center on the seat of consciousness, it's not easy though, it will still take time for me to not interest on the objects of consciousness. It's okay, because I can see that one day in few years later, I will able to do it. It's okay to learn slowly but surely. 
    - For the HOW, it will take a little bit of time for me to embrace, once I somehow done the WHAT. So that I can have something to stick to improve the HOW. 
    - Next week actions:
        - Embracing the Dharma, Passion, and Position concept and synthesizing them in a way that it will help a people to navigate their life, while also supporting spiritual growth rather than building up personal preferences
        - Designing and executing the group coaching session about Position and Dharma - your role in this life
        - Continue reading the book about Karma
        - Learning to enjoy more the process to self-realization
- When I listen to hear Cherie's sharing, it's also about something that's knocking and asking us to participate, to do rather than what we think we passionate about. It's more about in the process of doing it, we realize that it naturally brings the joy, the fulfillment inside of us into the moment. Instead of being fill up by the results of the activities.
    - There is a thing that need to concern that it seems like the question is wrong direction in the beginning
        - The question is "What do you want to do in the future?" is wrong basically, because the result will mostly come from the mind or what we prefer now.
        - While Dharma is unfold and discover overtime instead. So the better way of approach is about explore what you enjoy to do now, what life ask you to do and repeat, what you naturally draw into.
            - So it's better to draw from experiences and life events rather than just simply pure asking without any connection with reality. Because Dharma is what connects between our inner shakti and life.
- Also it's important for a person to embrace concept which has inclusive element in it, because this is where everything can go beyond. [[inclusion]]
    - For instance, should or shoudn't is pretty exclusive. While want to do and why want to do will bring out clarification and inclusion to embrace and transform things in a better way.
