- I feel that the outcome of today group coaching session is not yet. In my mind, I want this session will provide the outcome needed to prepare for the next session - which is about drawing the life journey that connect where that person are with where they will be in the next few years.
    - The starting point and the direction is important. If this one is not address carefully in the right way, it may lead the person into something that's not meant for them and off course them from the journey.
    - That's why it's important to connect the dots and find out how they have been off course, and how they can start to learn to go on course again.
    - In order to that, it's important to look back their life and reflect from that. It's not easy to know what's right and wrong, so that's why I will do a demo about sharing my own life journey, how I have been on the track - off the track, and how I manage to come back again. 
        - From this, they will start to know how to connect their dots and face the truth.
    - After that, it's important to establish the grounding point so that they can learn to become re-orient their life and what they may need to deal with in the process. 
        - It's important to clarify how we know they we on the right track or off the track.
            - This could be call "Làm thế nào để bạn biết bạn đang diễn đúng vai của mình?" hoặc "Làm thế nào để bạn biết bạn đang đi đúng hướng đời mình?"
    - I need to learn to let things unfold and learn from this first. It's hard to try to know the unknown and this is unnecessary pressure. 
    - 
