- Though I start to feel better when things start to clear, there are still some things that feel hard to release. It’s kind of the way of my breathing that makes me feel hard to relax. I think it will improve when I manage to improve my physical body and my breathing.
- [[spiritual path]] My spiritual path is start to clear that it will be the path to navigate the inner shakti to go from bottom to me. Through the process, it will help me to learn and merge with the nature of reality that I’m unable to handle yet. They are not blockages, they are the gift that I resist or cling, while the shakti do its best to serve me. [[The inner path]]
    - Other thing is it’s not separation the inner and the outer. The true spiritual path needs to be able to cover life as a whole, not separate them. The inner and outer need to merge together as one, and this is where true spirituality happens.
        - I’m not totally clear about this yet, but it somehow about learning to take the inner path as the foundation, and see how reality will come and influence the inner path to help me grow and become wholer.
        -  Consciousness is not lacking, but it’s need to comeback to the source, and the path to comeback to the source is where it becomes truly wholer.
        - My relationship with Thuc Linh is now focus on how I can direct my sexual energy to me and establish a clear path, instead of trying to throw out the sexual energy externally. 
            - My love for her will not be the kind of love in the 3rd chakra, it’s a love comes from the 4th chakra that is pure, unconditional, fearleas, needless, clarity, and focus on now, the current moment and the transformation of both.
        - True power is not about money, status, achievements, recognitions, skills, knowledges,... it’s about the ability to manage the inner path, and grow in a way that nothing can affect you negatively or positively. It’s about capacity to remain center at the middle. It’s about maintain the center, so that everything comes to us, not us being distracted and pull out by everything.
