- I dream that I still have attachment to things and it makes me even put myself in danger by following the urge unconsciously. And I still not be able to detach myself easliy with these type of dreams or mental stories. I need to learn to keep myself detach with them, and notice that only things real is what's happening now, I could use my intellectual mind to interact with the reality, not let the mental stories distract me out of the reality. [[getting in touch with reality]]
- I noticed that I still have many attachments with physical stuff. I want to redefine my view of [[ownership]] so that I could let go my attachment and establish new relationship with them. 
    - Somehow it will be more about that they are not mine, but of the universe, of god, and through me to achieve certain purpose.
    - They are created by the 4 laws of universe.
- When I make decision to come back to home, even though there is still rain. I noticed that I'm starting to allow myself to break through the common pattern and limiting choices or preferable choice. I want to establish with freedom and act with moment, instead of these habit-formed patterns. [[choiceless awareness]]
- [[the middle way]] also about the balance of using different senses instead of preferable sense like seeing.
- There are still many times that instead of simply presented with the moment, I still have many voices and disturbances that emerge inside of me. The journey for me to become completely stillness and freedom is just started. And just like how I want to tell [[@Nguyễn Mỹ Linh]]. It's not about the hope that the light will be there, it's about the inner peace that keeps us moving forward no matter the result. It's about [[🌱Unshakable Centering]].
- I feel that I'm not fully comfortable with my [[physical body]], I feel stressful, hot, uncomfortable, tired, pain with it. There will be a work needed to regain the relationship with my body.
- Today is enough for cleaning myself a little bit, reconnecting with my body, and resting more a little bit, I will continue to work on my ideal workflow tomorrow.
- 
