- Last week I felt that I started to have a new activity that is very helpful. It's about interactive lecture and discussion. This helps me to write more thoughts and do the next step externally, and let things unfold outside. It's much more helpful than I keep the big thing inside of my head, and feel too big to resolve. It's much better to write down for getting clarity and put everything on table, so it will not take my cognitive load. [Focus on babystep](<Focus on babystep.md>)
    - It's also helpful that with 2 people, I don't need to focus on many things alone, but the tasks can be share and it generates much better results.
    - It also helps me realize that I'm not good at [real time interaction](<real time interaction.md>) and easily feel stress and disturbe inside. This is a very big lesson for me, as if I can't presence and relax, I will force things to happen and become manipulative.
- I started to want to develop some [learning group](<learning group.md>) will help me to practice instructional design and build my training program, help me gain expertise. 
    - The main group I can think about now is a coaching group.
- I noticed that not sure why but I want to take care [@Nguyễn Mỹ Linh](<@Nguyễn Mỹ Linh.md>). She's important to me, that's all I know. I don't care much about my sexual desire when think about her. I even feel uncomfortable because our interests are quite different to each other.
- After today leisure walk, I realized that I'm shifting myself to happiness from growth. This is the most satisfy and in our will, and the meaning of living type of happiness. It's a healthy type of happiness that based on why we come to the earth and have the chance for experiences. [true happiness](<true happiness.md>)
- I noticed that I'm on the time that clarity about the [end goal](<end goal.md>) and get my feet on the ground. It's about learning to handle the blurry zone between where we are and our end goal. [closing the gap](<closing the gap.md>) [handling the gap](<handling the gap.md>)
    - The key for handling this zone is about FOCUS, CLARITY and GROWTH.
- I am learning to not put the truth into other head, but rather be a falictitator that provide space and guidance, so that we can explore and learn together. I'm not an instructor, but rather a part of the group. I'm not teaching, but rather a facilitator and learner at the same time. This is partnerning growth. [partnering](<partnering.md>)
- We could have a [Vision for the future](<Vision for the future.md>) but our focus is on where we are and what's our next step. [Presence in the now](<Presence in the now.md>)
- When playing [Spirit Island](<Spirit Island.md>), I learned that though the end goal is winning the game
    - The condition to win the game is changing throughout my play. And I need to pay attention to the [win condition](<win condition.md>). Because it will be what I need to focus on, not about how effectively I can each turn, because at the end, the goal is win. 
        - If I focus on the effectiveness, I will easily lose sight the chance to win the game, though it's obvious. This is a big lesson to focus on the end goal and the condition to achieve the end goal, because the end goal maybe the same, but the condition to achieve it will be change accordingly.
- [Daily Stories](<Daily Stories.md>) The story of today is I have a casual walk with a feeling of peaceful deep inside of me, and it makes me can become much more deeply center.
