- I noticed that even if I can comfortable with reality in real-time, I still notice that it's suitable for me to become a supporter, system innovator, filling the gaper rather than being the person who do the teaching job. [🌱My Uniqueness](<🌱My Uniqueness.md>)
    - The reason is the above job is based on my strength and my tendency, and it's also helping me to create more values to the world, because it's better when each person do the job that can magnify their strength, and suitable for their growth journey in their own direction.
    - Of course I also need to be able to do what I create, to test it and evaluate it, it's just not needed that I will be the one who teach it.
- I also notice that the reason why I can't close the talking loop of my mind is because there are no context and boundaries for it. The possibility is infinite, and that's why my mind can always talk and develop things, but I will need to learn to handle this process in a much proper way. 
- My mind also try to convince me that it's better for me to seek after [@Nguyễn Mỹ Linh](<@Nguyễn Mỹ Linh.md>), because she's the one imprinted in my heart now. But I decide that it's not the right reason, I will not be fooled by my mind, I will let this go, and learn to embrace true love, and let things unfold rather than listen to my personal mind that try to persuade me.
    - For Thục Linh, I feel that I don't want to give her too much hope, I will appreciate, care for her, but I will not make any commitment until everything is clear inside of me.
- I notice that there is a very big different between what I want to do now and before. The reason is what I want when I have no emotional attachments (the root cause of inner disturbances), it's much more free, welcome and curious rather than satisfy my personal emotions, my lacking. The above is about making me wholer rather than filling my lacking.
- "Lục bình không rễ" is a big concept that help me to think about how to change in a sustainable way. The point is build the right root and support it in a right direction. [intention](<intention.md>) [work at the root](<work at the root.md>)
    - Some roots are understanding rather than just imitating, self-realization rather than just learning, embracing rather than just believing or thinking.
