- I noticed that I’m less concern about what other people care. That’s why I feel that I know very little about a person. I tend to listen in a way that I filter information to hear what I care and interested on. This is what I will need to learn to change. [Listens Actively](<Listens Actively.md>)
    - I’m not skilled at it, but as long as I keep the intention to care about other person, I can learn it slowly.
    - Like [@Nguyễn Mỹ Linh](<@Nguyễn Mỹ Linh.md>), I don’t really know what she cares about, this is maybe because when she talked, I don’t pay attention enough and listen in a way that hear them out. I sometimes disrupt her to ask about what I care íntead, so this make her change her topic to please me instead.
- Today I want to be more calm and peace, less care about me and more care about her. Remind myself to presence with her, not with my tendencies so that I could listen her in a deep way, validate, support, and give her room to express herself safely. Let her feel be seen, be heard, be cared, and be interested about.
    - I will not just care about her, but care about what her care as well. This is maybe things she care, people she care, so that she could know I always be her side. And willing to share her life with.
- [📝My Coaching Review](<📝My Coaching Review.md>)
    - Today I noticed that I still have some hidden agendas to coach based on my strength of logical thinking. It's not focused on what clients truly want and help them to facilitate the process. It's about giving them what I think is right and could be work on to improve, but this maybe not what's important at the moment. 
    - If I could do again, it would better if I could remain focus on the main goal, and focus on helping him to navigate and direct the coaching process instead.
- I noticed that it will be a big change if I could sharpen my focus and my intention. The connection between the end and the now is still not directly and tightly linked so that I don't fully satisfy yet. I don't live with full of my potential yet, because I still don't know what I want to invest my potential for, and how I will invest it. [potential manifestation](<potential manifestation.md>)
- I still have a lot of things that I don't have clarity about yet. It's actually reveal and clearer day by day though. But they are not focus on specific things, but scattered to many things at once. The reason is I don't give any specific focus, so things just happen on them own. I feel that my tendency to not narrow my focus is still big, and it is a double-edge knife. 
    - In this stage of life, it's important for me to learn to think in context, rather than just abstract generalization with no clear purpose, because there will be never end for this. [contextual usages](<contextual usages.md>) [contextual management](<contextual management.md>)
