- So what would be the ideal structure for the next group coaching session [Group Coaching framework](<Group Coaching framework.md>)
    - I'm wondering about the two things
        - One is about the immersive state of being that give clues about the passion
        - Second is about the two natural movements of life
            - The without movement
            - The within movement
        - I'm wondering what's the connection between them and what's the role of each part. So that I could glue them into each other.
            - The activities that bring me into immersive state of being indicates that I'm interested, willing to take responsibilities, call out the inner qualities, less resistance or avoidance. These are activities that we have the willingness to connect deeply. And it would be a good place to start and expand the immersive state of being.
                - For me, when I'm doing training, coaching, it's where I want to in-charge and take full responsibilities and do my best. Some other activities like cooking, physical work does not interest me. If I'm immerse in them, it mostly because there are other reason that beyond the personal self. 
            - So where does the two movements fit into?
                - There will be two types of immersive state of being
                    - One is only about experiencing, being, feeling without the need to act - experience or digest the experience of the manifest world  
                    - Second is about responding, doing, creating, manifesting - mainly about bring something in the manifest world
                - It will be easier to clear that when without movement are happening, it's best to do responding immersive state of being at these times, because the inner energy are naturally moving outward or there are something that call forth them. So all we need to do is connect or surrender to it
                - When within movement is happening, it's important to take rest, relax, embrace, digest what happens, so that when the next without movement come in, we're full ready to bring in new stuffs and more capable to face it as well.
    - So it's important to help participants to clarify their immersive experiences - could be discern responding immersive and experiencing immersive as well. Because they are different movements of energy.
        - It's also important that they realize how these experiences happen and in what conditions, so that it's easier to replicate and bring into real life application
        - Another important point is how they are relationship with the two movements - are they struggle, or harmony, resist or surrender? How these determine their qualities of enjoy life? What changes need to take place in them from this realization?
            - Attitude could not be teach. It can only happen through understanding and changing the inner landscape.
- I notice that the way I want to work is mostly about creating a transformation within other people, so that what follows is effortless, rather than just let them see the path but not helping them evolve to be able to walk the path.
    - It's not just about clarity, it's about a shift in being, and when this shift happens, a new clarity will truly emerge.
- For the group coaching session last week, I notice that the way it is resolve is coming from [Group Coaching framework](<Group Coaching framework.md>)
    - Identify immersive experiences - then take out what's do best at the moment - then start to identify what would a person could do from that and what value they can provide
        - It's a little bit lacking of the waves of reality - because it will mainly base on rational thinking and may not deeply connect with their life process
        - Some maynot be choose because it's choosing base on strength and reality rather than what a person care most 
        - If possible, I would do it in a much more refine ways in each stage. So that it's not missing the opportunities to dig deep enough before making decisions
        - Somehow the value provided is mainly coming into training/ teaching. It makes me wonder a little bit. Because their will be things that a people like to immerse, good at, like video games.
            - The point here is about the questions. It's a little bit leading about "Who will need you to help them teach this?"
            - If possible, it could be about "What value you can provide to other from this? And who will need this?"
    - If I work on this passion process, I will want to make sure that a person will realize what they have tendencies to focus on, then identify what they will bring values to other people from that. Then look at the current life situation, who they want to give value and what value they can provide for them from this?
        - In the end, it's about checking the picture that how they will want to walk this path based on their life clues.
        - One important part here is the important of identify life clues or creation movements, rather than just based on personal dreams, imaginations, rational thinking process.
        - So the end goal is not totally end yet. It's actually about connecting and aligning the dots, then straightening the path in front of us for a period of time. 
    - It's a little bit tough for me to thinking in way of passion and dream at the course is progressing. I will need to re-consolidate these ways of thinking into the surrender process of life. 
        - Because for me, it's not once I reach these dreams, my life is done. It's a little bit silly in this way. It's more about realizing what the life unfolds and bring me into, and do the best, rather than have a personal destination and force life into it. 
        - It's important to see life as destinations or as process. It's like taking life as the focus point - life will call forth what it need from a person and how a person can bring their best to meet that demand of reality
        - 
