- [📝Weekly Review](<📝Weekly Review.md>)
    - Highlights:
        - I start to notice the sense of resisting to working within a frame, because instead of seeing that as a frame of reference and learning experience, then I can integrate it in the way I'm working, I have a fear that it will become a boundary or a self-limitation that I can't go beyond that.
            - There is also a tendency to focus on multiple things that make me feel self-conflict. I'm growing fast in the spiritual journey, but I see it's as not deep. I need to expand the way I see skills.
        - I'm noticing that for designing learning experience, it's important to not focus on the concept, but rather letting the concept emerge from them instead. [Design Learning Experience](<Design Learning Experience.md>) [journey management](<journey management.md>)
            - By letting the concept emerge from them, they will not feel a limitation that they can't change it, because it's just the way we call it now. We can change the way we call when we have a different discovery or understanding.
            - It's also helpful to focus on the current stage and the direction that's going to - it's creating a self-connection and self-orientation without feeling too far or too unrelated
            - It's significant and helpful for participants when focusing on the process of revealing, connecting, directing, and walking rather than focusing on what's right and the end destination. [process-oriented](<process-oriented.md>)
        - I feel happy when I see that the session is successful and become a major milestone in the process of creating a group coaching program that truly works.
        - I still have a big compulsion about accumulating boardgame. It's a big thing that I will need to learn to free myself with.
        - I start to learn to doing without growing any attachments, but rather staying in being state instead.
        - I finished the Karma book, which is so exceptional and will take time to be able to fully integrate and acquire insights, and experiences.
        - This week is a quite productive week because I finish most of actions that I plan.
    - Next week focus
        - Working with the deepening skill issue (frame and focus)
        - Working with the compulsion about accumulating boardgame
        - Learning to being and non-attachment while doing and providing spaciousness
        - Planning and executing a coaching session about the future vision
        - 
