- I realize that orient and focus has been become the main topic for my life now. I'm in a state of being that learn to take back the focus and learn to self-orient in the manifesting world. 
    - It's important to learn to stop identify to the finite and contemplate the infinite instead. And while stop limit myself to the finite, I will need to learn to orient properly in the infinite world so that the journey on earth become a bless rather than a punishment.
    - I also learn to let go more of the inner stuff and let the inner inspirations manifest what it needed to the manifesting world.
        - It's important for me to be able to keep the body healthy so that I could execute what needed
    - The meaning of life now is about letting go of myself so that I could be free to live life as what it's meant to be - rather than seeking something to compensate for the lacking of joy, happiness, freedom that I'm the one who hinder myself.
- I also become much more clear about the difference of how we see and approach things will lead to different results at the end. It's important to know what we truly want so that we won't take the wrong steps that may lead us forward but backward as the same time.
    - Somehow the way I see about coaching is not totally clear yet. I will need to be clear more about how coaching will support other people in different stages, so that I could focus on what's important at that moment, while make sure that people will not be hinder for their next stage.
- 
