- I felt the flow of energy inside of me flow fluently without the disturbance. It felt so peaceful, self-fulfilled and just want to stay at that state of being. [inner flow of energy](<inner flow of energy.md>). When I slept, there are still many things that need to clean though, but it's good, I'm on the right track and I felt much more clarity now.
- Breaking things down to make complicated things become simple things [simplify](<simplify.md>)
- [stage of knowledge development](<stage of knowledge development.md>) ideas, research, experiment, generalize, best practices, optimize or standardize
- [system thinking](<system thinking.md>) I felt that I started to see the big connection between details like the connection between HTML and CSS, process and procedure, principles and execution...
- End goal drive the approach. Approach drive the method. Method drive the process. And process drive tool selection [end goal](<end goal.md>) [process](<process.md>). 
- the difference between mean goal and [end goal](<end goal.md>) are so. Mena goal will always have ‘so’, while end goal usually direct link to your happiness, most of the time end goal are feeling.
- [Wild end goals that can lead you to true freedom and happiness](<Wild end goals that can lead you to true freedom and happiness.md>) Able to enjoy experiences that come to me. Able to handle any thoughts and emotions that reemerge inside of me. 
- I noticed that I started to think in [Evergreen notes way. And I also start to differentiate between the thoughts that pop up by itself, and the act of thinking that I’m using my mind consciously. [[thinking](<Evergreen notes way. And I also start to differentiate between the thoughts that pop up by itself, and the act of thinking that I’m using my mind consciously. [[thinking.md>) [intellectual mind](<intellectual mind.md>)
- 
