- My focus now will be about my [coaching skills](<coaching skills.md>). 
    - The skill will be focus on is [🌱Unshakable Centering](<🌱Unshakable Centering.md>), so that I could feel comfortable with accepting the perfect people that in front of me. 
    - What I meant [perfect](<perfect.md>) here is not they are perfect as how I want so that I feel good and not feel disturbed inside. [perfect](<perfect.md>) here means that they are the perfect result of their past experiences, of all the forces that created the universe and they are perfect inside.
    - So learning to enjoy the moment in front of me without the [personal needs](<personal needs.md>) to change it so that it will be make me feel good is the most important thing to develop my [Maintains Presence](<Maintains Presence.md>). 

I will be presence myself to interact with them as a whole, not to use them to interact with my inner [samskaras](<samskaras.md>).
        - The second coach skills I want to focus is [Listens Actively](<Listens Actively.md>). It's about make room for clients to express their inner environment and understand their inner situation, instead of listen to give solutions.
        - Without [Listens Actively](<Listens Actively.md>) to understand the clients, how could I support them to navigate through their inner environments, to see them clearly and to empower them to handle their stuffs, so that they can achieve what they truly want. 
        - [true freedom](<true freedom.md>) and [true happiness](<true happiness.md>) are what everyone want, every goal if I look deeply, it only based on two things [end goal](<end goal.md>)
        - One is the inner samskaras so that we could satisfy its need
            - Two is the inner shakti that feed you with tremendous happiness, joy, peace, and you want to express it outside to raise the external moments up.
- I will focus on learning [Courses - Effortless Output with Roam](<Courses - Effortless Output with Roam.md>) next week, so that I could learn to use Roam more effectively, and get input to build my [journaling training](<journaling training.md>) as well.
- How can I see like as a [continuous process](<continuous process.md>) is still what I'm not really clear. I still have the tendency to breakdown life, and not able to fully integrate my way of looking it yet.
- [Kindle Highlights Formatter](https://kindle-formatter.vercel.app/)
- [Articles - Start a blog](<Articles - Start a blog.md>)
- I also noticed that there is a big fear, a big limitation for me to go beyond myself to embrace the wholeness of the world when I think about going [international](<international.md>), going beyond my [Vietnamese](<Vietnamese.md>) and drop myself to the ocean of the vast world that are separated unconsciously. [wholeness](<wholeness.md>) [beyond personal-self](<beyond personal-self.md>)
- [Articles - My Information Operating System Part 3: Synthesizing](<Articles - My Information Operating System Part 3: Synthesizing.md>) [Resources](<Resources.md>)
- [coaching reflection](<coaching reflection.md>) Today when I coach for [@Nguyễn Thúy Hằng](<@Nguyễn Thúy Hằng.md>), I felt so much relief and have more trust for myself, because I can see the result of my coaching that truly satisfy my desire for [sustainable development](<sustainable development.md>) and not just work on the surface. 
    - My [fear](<fear.md>) about trying to have the good result is shifting to [trust the process](<trust the process.md>) by doing what feel right at the moment. I can always improve it later.
    - It's funny to see a [coaching metaphor](<coaching metaphor.md>) about the way of [living without causing harm](<living without causing harm.md>) that I used to use before reappear again. Everyone have a hard time following their samskaras and cause them to live a life that make them smaller instead of expand themselves. [self expanding](<self expanding.md>)
    - I still have a tendency to give advices though I'm not sure that it will necessary or not. The reason is because I have the [need for perfect](<need for perfect.md>). And this need is to serve myself, not the person in front of me. [perfect](<perfect.md>) I want to let go this need for perfect, and embrace [trust the process](<trust the process.md>) instead, because no one can plan their future, they grow continuously through experiences and new awareness.
- I felt so good this tonight, just feel so relax and ease inside of me. Because I really can feel that my path is truly [on the right track](<on the right track.md>). There are still many things that I haven't cleaned yet, but they are reducing day by day, and I become more free and even more expand through that process.
- I noticed that I feel like I'm doing wrong things by using an unknown source to help me buy products. The reason is it makes me to save money. I felt that it would be okay if I do it temporarily, but in the long run, I will want to support the authors if I earn so much from them. I will pay it backwards truthfully, and in the long run, I will try to pay it forward, and let go my [attachment with money](<attachment with money.md>)
- 
- 
