- Last night I dreamt about I still have so much resistance when someone accusing me wrongly. I still react to protect myself instead of learning from the experience and then handle that situation in a truthful and wise way. [dream](<dream.md>) [enjoy the learning experience](<enjoy the learning experience.md>) [higher choices](<higher choices.md>)

Ideally, I want to shift my tendency from protecting myself to relax and enjoy the learning experience, then I can be clear and neutral enough to [getting in touch with reality](<getting in touch with reality.md>) and generate [higher choices](<higher choices.md>), then learn to act according to that choices. [living from the place of surrender](<living from the place of surrender.md>)
- I felt kind of [uncomfortable](<uncomfortable.md>) when clients canceled the coaching session when the time was near. It makes me feel [disturbed](<disturbed.md>) because it likes I need to change my direction suddenly when I already have the feel of flow that I plan ahead. I realize that I still have an [attachment](<attachment.md>) with the near future instead of fully focus on now and hold myself unattached to anything. [living in the future](<living in the future.md>) [emotions](<emotions.md>) [unattachment](<unattachment.md>)
- When I'm thinking about the [personal needs](<personal needs.md>) for [recognition](<recognition.md>) of myself. I realized that recognition is necessary. It's just wrong when I use it for my personal needs, to make me feel okay inside, to be a short-term solution for my state of being. [humility](<humility.md>)

However, it would be right and meaningful if my work to help the world recognize the truth, understand the truth, live a higher life. It means that if it's not for my [personal needs](<personal needs.md>) but for a [higher intention](<higher intention.md>) to serve and to raise the world. This [recognition](<recognition.md>) is really meaningful because I'm only a person who helped to transfer the message and the meaning of it to its place in reality. [serving the demand of reality](<serving the demand of reality.md>) [meeting the demand of reality](<meeting the demand of reality.md>).

[Galileo Galilei](<Galileo Galilei.md>) decided not to die because of the truth of the fact that earth spin around the sun. For me, this is a [conscious choice](<conscious choice.md>) that is based on the true intellectual and beyond the [personal needs](<personal needs.md>). Even when he gave up the truth that he found out, the truth is still there waiting to be discovered. He did his part to help others at least have the notion of the truth. His surrender had helped him to protect his own life and lived for the sake of his family.

Only the person or the soul can know what's best for them and what's the [higher choices](<higher choices.md>) that helps them to serve the reality and going beyond their own [personal needs](<personal needs.md>). 
- Let go of the need that unless I do something so others can be better is one of the main life lessons that I'm experiencing right now. [samskaras](<samskaras.md>) [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>). I want to learn to neutralize all the things that disturbed and urged me to do something, release all of my need to control, transform all of my personal [judgment](<judgment.md>) to honor the reality that unfolds in front of me. 
- Today spiritual course, I want to support people to reflect what we learned so far, what they learned about themselves, how it started to change the way they see the world, the responsibilities they have, their unconscious behaviors in a [helpful manner](<helpful manner.md>).
