- Last night on dream, I noticed that I have the [need for being right](<need for being right.md>) and [need for win](<need for win.md>). I felt fear and worry for being critic, being wrong and it controlled me. [personal needs](<personal needs.md>) I focused too much on winning and I don't like to be punishment. I'm closing myself for every possible and experiences of life. I felt much better when accepting these parts of myself now. 

I also noticed I still have too much [attachment](<attachment.md>) for materials things. This makes me judge and felt uncomfortable with other people. Instead of [unattachment centering](<unattachment centering.md>) and resolving things on a [helpful manner](<helpful manner.md>), I let myself react with them.
- This [morning rituals](<morning rituals.md>) I realized that I still wait to enjoy the music before I really wake up, and this moment is the moment that I'm easy to fall back to sleep again. 
- Today my focus will be
    - [x] work on what I want to share on the [journaling training](<journaling training.md>)
    - [x] continue working with progressive approach
        - How to completely shift from top-down thinking to build a bottom-up thinking instead
        - What is the process of things will happen when using [bottom-up evolution](<bottom-up evolution.md>)
- After this reflection about [sexual desire](<sexual desire.md>), I understand much more deeply that there is nothing wrong, everything is an experience and a soul on evolving process. There is no wrong feelings, wrong experiences and wrong existences. [truth compass](<truth compass.md>). 

[There is nothing wrong, only the lack of wisdom](<There is nothing wrong, only the lack of wisdom.md>). We are so lost that we live the rules by default without the ability to know why there's a need for rules from the beginnings. [rules](<rules.md>) and [top-down boundary](<top-down boundary.md>) are not meant for defining what's right or what's wrong. It's about for helping us realize that is the things we need to work on to evolve our souls.
- The learning for this is a big step for me to [true love](<true love.md>), a love that unconditional, fill with impersonal love, respect and [soul connection](<soul connection.md>). [sharing experiences](<sharing experiences.md>) and [unconditional acceptance](<unconditional acceptance.md>) are the things that true for true love.
-  I also have a great detachment with my body and my inner energy. I start to release much more my attachment for them [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>)
- [basic foundation](<basic foundation.md>) is here like basic, but they are actually core principle to master. And when we can master the basic, the complex is only the combination of basic things. [mastery](<mastery.md>)
- I noticed that I still had certain resistance and not fully accept the [sexual desire](<sexual desire.md>) of my body. It's not me so I have nothing to embarrass about those. It's just that I still not completely realized that these external things that I identify with are not myself, but still think that they are representative for me. [resistance](<resistance.md>) [embarrassment](<embarrassment.md>) [emotions](<emotions.md>)
    - I want to completely accept my [physical body](<physical body.md>) as it's the tools that I was gifted. I will learn to handle its desire in an accept and grateful way. 
    - My body feels so stimulated when I have sex or watch sex. It got stimulated by the woman body and want to make love with them. It also want to release the energy that got stimulated onto the girl, and this is my big lesson. Because the people in front of me are meant to honor and love instead of receiving my unhandled sexual desire. 
    - If we are meant to make love, it's an activity that we share our sexual experiences to have a [deep connection](<deep connection.md>) for each other in a physical way instead.
    - I will let myself fully accept my human part and let myself fully experience this part without the [fear of embarrassment](<fear of embarrassment.md>) and also accept the sexual part of the person in front of me. Helping them to fully embrace the experience to learn from it.
- Today I still learn that [focus](<focus.md>) can't happen if we force it to happen. When we start to merge the experiences, things will start to be clear and be condense, so that's the focus happens in a [natural way of living life](<natural way of living life.md>) way. [soul evolution](<soul evolution.md>) [union experiences](<union experiences.md>)
- I also felt that I become more calm when facing with alien moments that usually felt [threaten](<threaten.md>) for me. [emotions](<emotions.md>)
- Some memories about poops still makes me feel uncomfortable, and all I need is just trust that I will be better after the [union experiences](<union experiences.md>). [trust the process](<trust the process.md>)
- There seems like there is two main important things on [progressive approach](<progressive approach.md>)
    - One is [union experiences](<union experiences.md>) so the self can [establishing the seat of awareness](<establishing the seat of awareness.md>) with all the tools that are union instead of fragement
    - Second is [getting in touch with reality](<getting in touch with reality.md>) so that the self can merge the inner shakti with the reality naturally. [universal union](<universal union.md>)
