- This morning I feel that I'm too tired and I just slept over and over again. It feels like I'm drowning but don't know how to get out of that. I'm not sure what would help me to remain conscious and get out of that stage. And what's the main reason for this? 

It could be [physical energy](<physical energy.md>) but I feel tired even when I fall asleep, so something is more than that and would be about the way I recharge my energy [recharge](<recharge.md>) [energy management](<energy management.md>).
- When I think about the coaching skills and how I could coach with a confident, I feel that the coaching skills are not separate skills to learn, actually the skills are all the tools needed but learning how to master each tools for different scenarios and situations is the key here. [coaching mastery](<coaching mastery.md>) [🌱Coaching Core Competencies](<🌱Coaching Core Competencies.md>) [contextual management](<contextual management.md>)

And in other to gain [contextual management](<contextual management.md>), learning the knowledge is not enough, practicing alone is not enough, it's about deep reflection to [deeper understanding](<deeper understanding.md>) and [union experiences](<union experiences.md>) that related to that situation so that we could embrace the skills fully on ourselves.

And to achieve this level of mastery, experiences and [feedback loop and deep reflection](<feedback loop and deep reflection.md>) are the most important part. 
- [🌱Natural Progression](<🌱Natural Progression.md>) it's about learning how to understand how things happen [wisdom of the world](<wisdom of the world.md>) and adapt with them so that's we could achieve our goals in a most natural way, and in the process, it's not we don't need to put effort, we put effort on how to clean the inner personal parts so that we could merge with the [flow of life](<flow of life.md>). [living from the place of surrender](<living from the place of surrender.md>)
- [physical energy](<physical energy.md>) My current yoga practices to improve my physical body are
    - Sun salutation - 5 to 10 rounds - overall
    - Giống hít đất - 60 times - hand
    - Tree pose - 40 to 60 breaths each side - leg
- I feel good when practice slowly in a sustainable way like this. Slowly I improve my [physical energy](<physical energy.md>) and release the inner stress at the same time.

I have certain thoughts about learning karate, but it's actually not about I want to learn martial arts, it's about I want to let myself become not just soft but also hard as well. [complement](<complement.md>). And I could learn to practice this by myself through yoga postures.
- Today feels like a rest day for me, I'm just wanna relaxing and enjoy doing nothing. I will start come back to work at tomorrow. This day is kind of a day to remind me that there is nothing to rush about. Even if I'm doing nothing, things still move according it to its way. [enjoy the process](<enjoy the process.md>)
- I still think about playing [boardgame](<boardgame.md>). I'm not so sure why I kept thinking about it, but it's like I want to experience it, overcome my inner procrastination, fear, and overcome the ability to move on when large things in front of myself. [fear of big challenges](<fear of big challenges.md>) [fear](<fear.md>)
    - The things I feel fear are learning rules and maintain [willpower](<willpower.md>), as well as the chores cleaning and setting up tasks. [chore tasks](<chore tasks.md>)
- [Book - Journey to the Center of the Earth](<Book - Journey to the Center of the Earth.md>) This book is a great book to inspire me that there are many people out there living their own inner interests to explore, to understand, to know higher things even though it's at the cost of their life. [interests](<interests.md>)
- I felt pretty [numb](<numb.md>) when I stop relax and feel but focus on things instead. It's like freezing myself so that's nothing can come in. And I also let myself in that numb state because at least I don't have to conscious making choices. I still have the [resistance](<resistance.md>) for making [conscious choice](<conscious choice.md>) because I'm not used to take responsibilities for myself.
- [acceptance](<acceptance.md>) only the fact that we can write or talk things out is already the beginning of acceptance.
- [unattachment](<unattachment.md>) is the first thing that we need to master, and it's not just about our true self and the things on us, but are able to see this on other people as well. [Surrend to the truth of the world](<Surrend to the truth of the world.md>)
