- [x] Coaching Mỹ Linh 8h tối 31/9 [September 31th, 2020](<September 31th, 2020.md>)
- [coaching reflection](<coaching reflection.md>) I felt pretty surprised but not too much when Linh asked me for help. I knew that she seems strong outside, but she also has a strong identification with the physical world. And now, they are gone, so she is under a big lesson for her spiritual growth. I realized that I always want to support her, though some thoughts about the romantic relationship still pop-up in my head. I want to release all those possessive thoughts and support her with the cleanest heart and mind as possible. [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>) [unattachment](<unattachment.md>) For whether happens, I will still be there for her with no [personal agenda](<personal agenda.md>) and trust the process.
- [soul evolution](<soul evolution.md>) requires the soul to realize itself and able to operate with no [identification](<identification.md>) with the objects. Because what the soul wants, it all there is. There is nothing to fear, to feel scarce, to depend on external things. Just coming back to your seat of awareness, there is nothing that can touch you there. Your nature is beauty.
- [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>) is learn to disidentify with what is not you, and identify with what is really you.
- I also feel that my love for others is kind of tough, and it will not make them feel uncomfortable. Because of [dis-identification](<dis-identification.md>) cause pain, especially if it happens by forcing instead of inviting. [tough love](<tough love.md>) However, what I really want for other people is to live the truth and fulfilled life, challenging but worthy.
- [humility](<humility.md>) is also a big lesson for me that related to the need for because there are thoughts that make me think I'm better or comparing myself with other people. [recognition](<recognition.md>) [soul evolution](<soul evolution.md>)
- [coaching reflection](<coaching reflection.md>) I felt that if my [inner container](<inner container.md>) of energy got depleted, I can't coaching in an [optimal conditions](<optimal conditions.md>), which leads to the coaching is hard to become [transformation](<transformation.md>). I also realize that my coaching tends to be mixing between [bottom-up evolution](<bottom-up evolution.md>) and [top-down boundary](<top-down boundary.md>), but it seems like the top-down approach is heavier, while coaching will tend to be more flexible and heavily on [bottom-up evolution](<bottom-up evolution.md>). [coaching](<coaching.md>)

While coaching for Ngân, I also kind of impatient because it's not usually the way I think instead of being empty and trust the process. My coaching also has a little bit of directing instead of fully [hold the space](<hold the space.md>) and [facilitate](<facilitate.md>) the transformation process.
- [intention](<intention.md>) My current direction is shifting back to coaching and expanding my ability to contain much more as well as learn to have a [tough love](<tough love.md>) with a [natural way of living life](<natural way of living life.md>) of development.
- I felt that my [meditation](<meditation.md>) practice is not able to hold long, I still felt hard to hold [inner urge](<inner urge.md>) and keep the [cleaning and integrating process](<cleaning and integrating process.md>). I will learn to improve my ability to handle [inner urge](<inner urge.md>) to improve practice times bit by bit and practice my willpower. Starting from 10 minutes and improve it for 1 minute at a time. [willpower](<willpower.md>)
- I felt that my [spiritual heart](<spiritual heart.md>) is expanding to contain more things that I'm not able to contain yet and open the inner door so I can have more love and positive energy to share with others. I am raising my lower energy to higher energy. [emotions](<emotions.md>)
- [coaching reflection](<coaching reflection.md>) I also realized that I have a habit to navigate the client's thinking process. I would like to let them completely be free for processing by their own mind first and if I still have things want to share or reflect, I can do it later. [personal agenda](<personal agenda.md>) 
- I still have a conflict between accepting as it is versus want them to be better. The [personal agenda](<personal agenda.md>) for wanting people to be better makes me can't accepting as it is FIRST. I want to set myself to a state that can accept everything as it is without any [personal needs](<personal needs.md>) and [personal agenda](<personal agenda.md>) FIRST. Then, if I still want to support them to be better, this support will be completely [unattachment](<unattachment.md>).
- When I share my thoughts on Facebook, I still feel that it is just a release of thoughts instead of a [conscious choice](<conscious choice.md>) for a specific purpose. It still holds certain personal parts that I haven't handle or finish the [transformational process](<transformational process.md>)
- We are all in the process of becoming. [soul evolution](<soul evolution.md>)

# Backlinks
## [September 20th, 2020](<September 20th, 2020.md>)
- [x] Coaching Bảo Ngân chiều thứ 3 4h [September 22nd, 2020](<September 22nd, 2020.md>)

