- I felt my body pain when sleeping [physical body](<physical body.md>). I'm kind of tired when dreaming too much. [sleep](<sleep.md>). I want to learn to comfortable connect with my body so that I can enjoy the external world through my senses. My back also hurt that I want to learn to change my sitting position to regain its nature.
- My [intention](<intention.md>) is still not condensing enough to just simply move forward. It's still scattered and split too much in different directions, like love, work, money, health, emotions... I want to be able to merge my intention into one. [oneness](<oneness.md>) [focus](<focus.md>)
- I also want to create a place that full of wise people who can deliver positive [impact](<impact.md>) to the world. People who inspire others through their transformation in a positive way with full of helpful input. I want to surround myself by things that inspire me to move forward, to create influencing products, to focus, and have a meaningful life.
- [focus consciousness](<focus consciousness.md>) with a [clear intention](<clear intention.md>) and the support of physical tools is all the things needed to have a [meaningful life](<meaningful life.md>) and an positive [impactful being](<impactful being.md>).
- I felt a little bit lighter when choosing to drop the interest for gaming to [short-term feel good energy](<short-term feel good energy.md>).
- My language still haven't address to change it into a [generated language](<generated language.md>). Instead of making someone feel they are doing things wrong, I would like to make it simply neutral and evoke their awareness about it. [evoke awareness](<evoke awareness.md>)
- [thought-leader](<thought-leader.md>) is what kind of [impactful being](<impactful being.md>) that I want to become and direct myself on.
- I want to learn all of the [samskaras](<samskaras.md>) related all of love [relationship](<relationship.md>) that I experienced. I want to appreciate and learn to let go all of the personal parts and [personal needs](<personal needs.md>) inside of me that prevent me to love them as they are. I also want to let myself to willing to [payback](<payback.md>) all of the things that I tried to get for myself and pay for them unconditionally if I have a chance. 
- If there is a time that I have another relationship, I will try my best to love her as pure as possible and to become the one who will support her in this life as well as possible. [true love](<true love.md>) This love will not satisfy my [personal needs](<personal needs.md>), but rather to do my best job to give back as a part of this wonderful universe.

I will support her on two main levels as a soul and as a lover.
- Things have different levels and depend on what levels, I want to develop and maintain an open [intellectual mind](<intellectual mind.md>) to see things clearly without distorting by my [personal mind](<personal mind.md>) and by my [freewill](<freewill.md>). [openness](<openness.md>)
- For me, practicing [honoring](<honoring.md>) and [abundance appreciation](<abundance appreciation.md>) is not try but rather to come back to the truth. This is a [natural progression](<natural progression.md>) and an obvious way for living life when I'm able to [clear the fog](<clear the fog.md>).
- I felt that I started to release more and more the love samskaras, the angry samskaras, and some fear samskaras.
- When I read [Surat Shabd Yoga](<Surat Shabd Yoga.md>), I realized that it could be very helpful to practice directly to keep the energy be high instead of letting it run to the bottom and direct it back to the top. It would require me to practice [willpower](<willpower.md>) to hold my focus on the third eye. [direct](<direct.md>) Of course, I still need to relax in the process so that it could happen naturally. 
-  I thought about playing some Switch games, it seems like my [inner urge](<inner urge.md>) start to find other things to satisfy it. I want to establish my [intention](<intention.md>) first.
- I feel [uncomfortable](<uncomfortable.md>) when considering coaching with man, stranger, and the offer of price way below my starting price.
- 
