- I felt that I still tended to defend and protect myself. I am still easy to get trigger by other people and didn't come in with reality with a neutral attitude yet. I want to learn to be able to [unattachment](<unattachment.md>) myself with everything related to me, even my creation, my writing, my ideas... These "mine" possessiveness are just the product of clinging tendency, but there are no such things that really "mine". They all are gifts of the universe that come through me, and I simply the witness to have the chance to realize and record it into physical reality.  [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>) [intermediary attitude](<intermediary attitude.md>)
- I had a lot of dreams last night, and I didn't remember, but the importance is not how much I remembered, the importance is how I can release them non-stop even if I'm not always conscious. [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>) [spiritual practices](<spiritual practices.md>)
- I still had a tendency to listen and identify with my mind, instead simply aware of it. This happens to me the most in the morning when I'm about to wake up, I still need to choose between waking up or dreaming. [identification](<identification.md>)
- My main today job is finishing editing video Living from the place of surrender 2. 
- [x] How to use [Roam Research](<Roam Research.md>) to evolve my mind effectively
    - I will need to refine the steps to evolve my mind in Roam Research so that it becomes much more fluid and natural. Now it still has many frictions and I still spent a lot of thought into wandering HOW TO DO it. 
- For Ode to Heroes, I feel that it comes to be a time that I will leave this game after the wonderful experience that it gave me. It supported me to at least enjoy a certain amount of times. [short-term pleasure](<short-term pleasure.md>)
- For gaming in general, they let me feel good in the owning and collecting rather than the actual experience. The good feeling coming from the collecting experience [short-term feel good energy](<short-term feel good energy.md>) helps me to fulfill a little bit, but this kind of fulfillment is not real and superficial. I want to fulfill myself in a much more deeper that involves my self through a deep [learning](<learning.md>) and evolving process. [self-fulfilled](<self-fulfilled.md>)
- [weekly reflection](<weekly reflection.md>) This week I feel that I did so much more than before, I also had a feeling that I become much more productive and not just now, but I will create more things in the future as well.
    - Doing everything in a [natural progression](<natural progression.md>) way is still a big things that concern me. Any time I feel that I need to force myself into creating or doing something, I feel kind of exhausted and the resistance to it too much. But if things become natural, I just simply going far and farther in that direction.
    - I still can't stop creating new training courses, because there is a bigger picture that I want to complete. It's kind of a [living from the place of surrender](<living from the place of surrender.md>) in a [natural progression](<natural progression.md>). And the process of natural way of living is not completely clear yet, so I still need to work on them first. Until I feel enough, I will start to stop and condense things as I do progressively now. [natural progression](<natural progression.md>)
        - In this [natural progression](<natural progression.md>), I will have the combination of coaching, mind evolution, soul evolution, real-life serving, honoring and enjoying gifts of universe...
    - Most of the time I don't do something mainly because I don't have a clear picture the flow of it and is it feel natural to me.
- We are always in the process of master something, either conscious or unconscious, either positive or negative, either good at doing something or avoiding something [mastery](<mastery.md>) [learning](<learning.md>) 
- I also feel that I didn't use Roam Research much to develop my [emotions](<emotions.md>) part, though I included a handful amount of [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>), but there is still a feeling of I left out something. I will take time for this later.
- Roam Research also have 2 effect in me. The first effect is I always have something to do and want to do more. The second effect is a feeling of too many direction that I can go, and I need to work on [intention](<intention.md>) so I can be go deeper and deeper in certain directions but let myself expand as the same time.
- In [coaching](<coaching.md>), coach will want to remove themselves of their own [preference](<preference.md>) way of working, especially [concept](<concept.md>) or the things they are familiar with. For example, if coach think that feelings are specific to body parts and it's easier to identify feelings based on asking it. It may limit your client, if they are easier to access to feelings based on metaphors, visualizations, or etc...
- What's [boring](<boring.md>)? It's about coming back to the state of low energy that you have before you get what makes your energy high. However, what makes your energy high because of its newness will not make you anymore when you get used to it. [emotions](<emotions.md>)
- [emotions](<emotions.md>) and [samskaras](<samskaras.md>) seems to be similar, but they are not the same. [surrender](<surrender.md>) [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>) 
    - "[emotions](<emotions.md>) are a state of energy affected by the disturbance of samskaras got triggered by the external world or emerged by itself. "
    - While samskaras is a stored of experience, impression that can affect the flow and the state of energy.  
- the point of stopping others is not to stop what’s right or wrong, but to help them stop their personal tendency and helping them to free themselves out of that personal mind. [personal mind](<personal mind.md>) [interacting with life](<interacting with life.md>)
- I knew what is possible due to the teaching of Michael Singer. The ultimate goal is to free ourselves completely [untether soul](<untether soul.md>), and the highest thing to do is [surrender](<surrender.md>) and merging. And in order to surrender and merge, there will be many practices and techniques that can help us to surrender easier. [surrendering practices](<surrendering practices.md>)
    - Meditation is one way to detach and disidentify ourself, so we can start to have the conscious choice to relax and release. [meditation](<meditation.md>) [conscious choice](<conscious choice.md>)
    - Learning the truth is a process of put truth into mind, so it can live the truth, and as the result, it learns to help us living the truth easier. This is also what we called [Jhana yoga](<Jhana yoga.md>).
    - Another thing is writing as the way I am developing, it also helps us to orient our mind into truth and learn to let go unattachment easier, because when we aware and understand why we attach, we can have another option. [journaling](<journaling.md>)
    - Summary: So the important point is there are different practices that can develop to achieve the highest choice that a soul can do is surrendering and merging. This is like the final step that will free us and clean our inner state.
- I feel a little wonder whether I can support her or not, and realize that I’m lacking the [trust](<trust.md>) on her [transformation](<transformation.md>). Just do my best emptiness to provide her the space she needed for her own transformation and be the [witness](<witness.md>) in the journey.
- I also realized that I still worry and disturbed when I saw the mistakes that I can do better. Instead of taking it simply as the things that I could improve, I judge myself and [fear](<fear.md>) that other people will judge me based on that. [judging](<judging.md>)
- I also realized that when fixing things, I only focus to do in a [react manner](<react manner.md>), instead of carefully reflect what needs to change or edit, and find the effective way to fix all of them. [refining and delivering process](<refining and delivering process.md>)
    - In edit video, I could upload it into youtube, watch in x2 speed, so that I can check it much faster. or maybe simply x2 by Gom player.
    - What I need to check is:
        - Timing
        - Translating
        - Spelling
