- [Spirituality](<Spirituality.md>) is [working on yourself](<working on yourself.md>). If you want to learn to play the piano, the point is not is it hard, but are you willing to learn it? What do you really want? Because the only competitor is yourself. The only thing can stop you is you.
- I still feel too much [angry](<angry.md>) when others misunderstand me. It makes me even throw an iPad in the dream. I also feel uncomfortable with the crack on my iPad. [emotions](<emotions.md>) [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>)
- What you think or feel is not what really matters, everything need to try a little bit. If don't try, how to know? [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>)
- What got you here, won't get you there. [limitation](<limitation.md>) 
- I noticed that I still feel not too clear about my responsibilities and my attitudes for the way I want to support others. It's still kind of half-baked and makes me kind of confusing like I know that advising does not really work, but if they are not willing to change or have a goal then I also don't know what to do to help them. [coaching](<coaching.md>)\ [supporting](<supporting.md>)
- I'm not interested in the idea that becomes a person who can do all the good things, but I'm interested in becoming a soul that can contain everything. [soul evolution](<soul evolution.md>). 
    - When I can contain things, I will have my way of interacting with the world instead of following the action of other masters. They will not be the one who defines my behavior, but I will instead. [soul uniqueness](<soul uniqueness.md>) 
    - We can have similar [soul evolution](<soul evolution.md>) process but the quality and [freewill](<freewill.md>) of each soul is diffent.
    - Able to contain everything does not mean always easy and does not deal with things properly, but actually does with a [conscious choice](<conscious choice.md>) and [helpful manner](<helpful manner.md>)
-  The fact we can love or not is undiscussable, we can always have the feelings of love because it's inside of us. But whether it's conditional or unconditional is another realm of a discussion? [unconditional](<unconditional.md>) [conditional](<conditional.md>)
- My [training method](<training method.md>) need to be concern about creating a proper [learning curve](<learning curve.md>) that suits all of the different people no matter their starting point is. The matter is whether they are progressing in a [natural way of living life](<natural way of living life.md>) way with enough stretching instead of putting too much pressure or too easy on themselves.
- [x] Coaching Ngân buổi 1 [September 22st, 2020](<September 22st, 2020.md>) [Schedule](<Schedule.md>) [coaching schedule](<coaching schedule.md>)
- [helpful manner](<helpful manner.md>) is not the ultimate manner that I want to have, what I really want to help is a manner that manifest the best state or choice that I can reach at that moment, instead of get controlled by reaction.
- Beauty is a personal soul experience, and if the soul can handle the objects and fully merge with it, the soul can start to really experience the nature of that object. This is a true beauty, not surface beauty. And everything has its own beauty, just some we are able to handle, and some we aren’t yet. [beauty](<beauty.md>)
- My [intention](<intention.md>) is about able to have the ability to enjoy everthing on us, not come back to the source, though it could be a by-product. By setting this intention, it makes the [soul evolution](<soul evolution.md>) process is much more natural and less pressure as it unfolds and progress slowly. It also helped me to focus on myself first, because when I’m not clear or grow enough, there is no [conscious choice](<conscious choice.md>) and [trueself competency](<trueself competency.md>) to do the great things. My intention start to merge.
- I felt kind of exhaust energy, and my body felt numb and my mind started to worry about future tasks. The mind has a good intention to care about my body, it's just that I want to take care of myself in a good [energy management](<energy management.md>) way instead of draining my energy through worry about future.
- I also felt kind of [uncomfortable](<uncomfortable.md>) and [annoying](<annoying.md>) about the problem that appears and I don't know how to handle it yet. [emotions](<emotions.md>) I want to become much more [unattachment centering](<unattachment centering.md>) and develop a [receiving attitude](<receiving attitude.md>) with the new things that I can learn to do and experience in the time on earth, instead of getting disturbance about it. [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>)
- I also feel grateful for my body that have a bad master, and still support me all the time. I want to support my body to become stronger and healthier, about 50kg, and can contain much more energy so that we can do much more things on earth. [physical body](<physical body.md>) [physical energy](<physical energy.md>)
- I feel happy that at least people around me like Nhi that have a little indirect influence from me and can do an [inner work](<inner work.md>) to start to live a higher life. I feel that inside of me still have a few emotions that want to feel [recognition](<recognition.md>) by other people.
- I feel so [nervous](<nervous.md>) and [worry](<worry.md>) for Mỹ Linh. I know that this is my time for supporting her to navigate through her challenge in this life.
