- I felt that I dreamt too much and many emotions emerge from the dream.
- [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>) who is experiencing? where is the object of consciousness coming from? what is the relationship between consciousness and object of consciousness? 

- the question “who am I” forming two type of people. One is study external things to have a clue about it. Second is why not study it directly? [spiritual story](<spiritual story.md>)
    - The first one creating the tools and using the accumulated knowledge to study the external world nonstop, but it can’t study the thoughts, the consciousness, and where the intellectual of things coming from?
        - this one is forget the original intention and get misdirecting in the process. Some also realized the limitation of tools and started to come back to the internal approach.
    - The second one is to realize that we can’t study something below what we want to study. What’s inside can’t study what’s outside, but can only experience it. We can’t use things that exist in time and space to study what exists independently with time and space.
        - This one is in the process of experience itself, it improved its ability to handle external things, and will start to learn to be a part of a whole in the right way.
- I realized that I still have a lot of [inner conflict](<inner conflict.md>) that makes me [hesitate](<hesitate.md>) and not fully [confident](<confident.md>) to act. These [inner conflict](<inner conflict.md>) usually because of the [fear](<fear.md>) of not sure about the results of my action. For example, if I congratz someone, I still feel that if I'm helping or harming that person. [results](<results.md>) [conscious choice](<conscious choice.md>). [fear of unknown](<fear of unknown.md>)
    - 

- 
- I want to have some activities to [pay it forward](<pay it forward.md>) and some activities for the soul that have enough [desire](<desire.md>) to learn to awake.
- [intellectual gratification](<intellectual gratification.md>) is one of the way to [short-term feel good energy](<short-term feel good energy.md>) inside that avoid to do [inner work](<inner work.md>).
- When watching The first song program, I realized I still haven't able to handle my feelings with Kiều. I still feel a lot of regret and miss. It's a [memorable memories](<memorable memories.md>) for me that I still attach so much to how fun, how happy that I was. I realized that my love life still has a lot of [samskaras](<samskaras.md>) that I haven't finished to merge, to fully experience, and to let go yet. I want to contain all of these memorable memories so that I can fully enjoy the presence and maybe these are the things that I can payback for them, for other people or my future lover. [true love](<true love.md>) [merging](<merging.md>) 
- I also let my courage to share these [memorable memories](<memorable memories.md>) with the world instead of hiding them or only share with close friends. I let myself be [vulnerable](<vulnerable.md>) so that I can open my heart for others to see. I want to expand myself to develop true [secure](<secure.md>).  [emotions](<emotions.md>)
- I feel so grateful for all of the people that used to love me, which taught me a lot of things and that got hurt by me. I wish they have the best life and the best [true love](<true love.md>) if possible on the journey on earth [abundance appreciation](<abundance appreciation.md>). I love and honor all of the lovers that passed to my life. Our time may not full of happiness, but they are full of experiences and lessons. [honor](<honor.md>) 
- People have the tendency to exclude others, to do things on their own, to not get support, to separate themselves with others. However, life is not about [exclusion](<exclusion.md>), but actually about learn to [inclusion](<inclusion.md>). And if I want to help others, I support them to shift their exclusion which is [resisting](<resisting.md>) attitude to inclusion attitude which is [merging](<merging.md>)
- I felt [nervous](<nervous.md>) and [angry](<angry.md>) when hearing the big sound from the backdoor because I fear that it will have a negative influence on my neighborhood. I want to solve this problem completely by learning to create a permanent solution that doesn't depend on the human being part. 
- I also felt that in the past, I'm not totally clear about what is [romantic love](<romantic love.md>) with me? What is the [intimacy relationship](<intimacy relationship.md>) with my mate really mean? I only behave unconsciously by my need and my unclear attitude with the relationship, so that I let it happens with an irresponsible attitude. Now it's my time to have the right understanding and to fully responsible for it. [true love](<true love.md>) [emotions](<emotions.md>) [spiritual growth](<spiritual growth.md>) 
    - I realized I used to base my love on the lack of inner love, the [personal needs](<personal needs.md>). I want to change this to an attitude that I completely responsible for my [personal needs](<personal needs.md>) and [inner love](<inner love.md>). If I have a relationship with someone, I also responsible for giving that person the best support and love that I could share with her. I'm [responsible](<responsible.md>) for building the love connection and attachment between both in a healthy and meaningful way.
    - Love is not only sharing, but also support and take care of each other and the relationship with a clear and right understanding. [true love](<true love.md>)
    -  If I have a chance to come back the time I'm with Kiều, I would like to learn to responsible for my [inner love](<inner love.md>) and love her as much as possible. I also will not her feel lonely when she's in [conflict](<conflict.md>) with herself. I will not let her handle everything alone and only care about myself. I will care for her soul as much as possible. [true love](<true love.md>)
    - I also want to learn to free myself all the [guilt](<guilt.md>) that created by my reaction for people that loved me and my [identification](<identification.md>) with my [personal needs](<personal needs.md>).
- With Mỹ Linh, I realized that I still have the [fear](<fear.md>) to be [misunderstanding](<misunderstanding.md>) by her and it makes me not naturally myself. I still want to be the person who's always right with her. I felt that I need to prove I'm right instead of just trusting myself completely. [self-trust](<self-trust.md>) [fear of being misunderstood](<fear of being misunderstood.md>)
-  

# Backlinks
## [September 17th, 2020](<September 17th, 2020.md>)
- [x] Coaching chị Hằng thứ 4 buổi 1 [September 23rd, 2020](<September 23rd, 2020.md>)

